and you do not have the best prices for me
Buy our coins and make them
tremendous equipment directly to open
envelopes to look for tots will make you a
8% discount if you apply code
kiki in the description you have everything
necessary tutorial with code and link to
the Web
very good to all players welcome
to a new video of the kick channel and
welcome to the new template that
I used to make a template but
guys this was fantastic for me and the
I really wanted to share it with you
in addition there are some pretty
beautiful invoice
so but before saying that about you
the guys that of please
many like to this video we have arrived
in the previous one and of grenade that you liked
see me suffer
I think you liked it a lot, we've arrived
to more than 1000 likes guys please the
I really like it, I love seeing
how can you of the videos motivate me
very much to follow so guys
I shared the video like other friends in
the social networks that the truth supports
very much to the channel we are going with the
template looks like we have many faces
known as are the clutch and the
baradar that sustained the one of sergio
Ramos beds of Iker Casillas
all these are going very well that you already know
command to see your market or me
I recommend if you have not tried it yet
although I miss it first everything came out
an envelope clay or clin clin is like
say here in 91 of rhythm 66 of shot 70 of
step 80 Dodge 83 defense
of physical 3 of pinamar 3 of watermarks
is going quite well the truth is that it is a
good defense is not that either
let's say father of mine the best of pieces of
the premier not good did not complain very
well I liked the
true that completes the
English with
people are that I liked it very much and its
letter I loved and the tots
my mother is a real lung lung
midfield 80 74 pace shot 84
from pas 81 dribble
76 of defense and 83 of physical 3 of
vietnam at 3 watermarks goes
pretty good eye I recommend them a lot
let's see what our friend is worth
that radio what rank has 211 or 180
by 120
it's not clear it's not clear but the truth
what if you like it
have a gunpowder and from the midfield you
like the two are the double letters
how well does he want to leave an envelope
but I think it's supposed to be
that will be at 281 we will buy the
price to three guys
you are going to have is not there the truth that is
a football field and it goes pretty
well it 's a treat so the
I recommend to these good people how it is
people the sun in the midfield we have
water calls that the truth that goes pretty
well that's a bug what flame is a
Super big super video bug
strong and the truth that with yaya touré
Well there's a couple with Henderson
almost insurmountable midfield goes quite
well I recommend this template if
three coins but as you know that no
fifa.com with the code they will give you
much less discount or it could be this
tremendous equipazo is also worth it is there is a
over nine matches seven goals and
some of them authentic golazos 92
of pace or 72 of 76 shot of passes 84 of
dribble 78 defense 67
I had complied I was reached is a
prick for the band is a little bug
side of the big bug and this record
breaker
the truth is that the government until
let's see what this record is going
well the embassy was in a million and
medium to 950 thousand 600 thousand that the
true that surely they will be 601 if already
you are goats that the 21 did not know about
nothing but if you have coins and I tell you
that is an authentic culture is already
living the goals we have scored with
he is huge the truth is that sbs
Chicks like you here that every
we call chicks to pass the ball to you
over we call chicks and the truth
it's going pretty well when you
I taught my friend gold show him
bng or hector I josé told me three hundred
Chicks take out
a ray is worth here in Spain when
I talk with youtube about a chick
they like to tell me what that means
it will only be around here for this part of
win and it's the real one has already seen the
low its not a bug it is very
good man is pretty good but good
let's move on to the kit offspring
we have biomass for de carlos vela this
disease with penetration 8 but
sufficiently like people the sun and
like the bug but I think
they go pretty well this guy to the
compensation seems to matter little to
the time to play but I have faced here
for they are authentic without conversation
some and they have passed me over like this
what guys are we going to said do not bless
98 shot of 88 shot of 97 passes
dribble 40 of defense 87 of physique is a
authentic bicha with four legs
bad five of filigree thirty one
matches played 43 goals and some
of them golazo
forgive me for the voice guys boy the
energy I'm super stuck has been taken
already the pills I have taken the drop of
everything but we are hungry through
bring this video and good the law gear and
nobody is going to prevent me from taking them
guys the template is already watching
Color aldo what the bug which
compare that they are practically with the
that we mark and say that when not
get to score
it's the two who split the goals
the two breaker record and this pickup
of record preaching boy I hope the
they support very much please to see if
we can get to have many like in
this video makes me very happy that
share the video that you put it
comment leave me the comments
appeared and if you have any player
this and how it has gone are all these
record breaker and nothing will decide
as I always tell guys I hope that
bright you enjoyed the video
I live football and until the next and
leave me in the comments if you want
cheap template or expensive template
intermediate template classic and I os
I will do and I will try to do something and the
we will bring to the channel
the capital is coming this week we're going
to give a lot of chicha I'm now something
stopped with work and such and I'm
I am playing really why I'm bringing
video every two days
but the guys what I say always creates
the world is loved and remember to support
support chao chao
I wanted
the china figure top skins and
formulating the exiled ethnic group and a
bus not even me go